Honestly, CloudWatch Events are nice, but wasn't that a lot to set up?
Shouldn't we easily be able to set up notifications for
something like a pipeline failure, something I mentioned in the last video,
which is absolutely inevitable?
Well,
CodePipeline recently released a new feature that
does make it significantly easier, with notification rules.
CodePipeline notification rules are similar to the CloudWatch Event rules.
You can create a notification rule that can tell you when an
action, stage, or pipeline execution has succeeded,
failed, started, or was canceled.
You can also be notified when a stage or pipeline execution has been
resumed, or when a pipeline execution has been superseded.
And there's also notification rules for manual approvals if they succeed,
fail, or that an approval is needed.
Notification rules are a little more restrictive than CloudWatch
Events and only allow you to be notified through SNS.
But still, that's what we've been using anyways, and so that's perfect for us.
Let's take a look at how this works.
Go to the CodePipeline dashboard and select the hbfl pipeline.
At the top of the pipeline is a notifications drop‑down.
Click that, and you can manage any existing notification rules,
of which we have none yet, or you can create a new one,
which is what we want to do, so click Create notification rule.
We'll name this one hbfl‑failure.
Now we can't really customize what is sent to our SNS topic
like we could with CloudWatch Events,
but I don't want to overload your phone with
unnecessary JSON, so select Basic here. Now,
under Events that trigger notifications, you can select failed for
either action, stage, or pipeline execution.
I usually like to do action because it is the lowest level,
and I feel like it sends the notification a little sooner than the others.
Don't select more than one failed option here,
or you'll get multiple texts when a failure happens. In the Targets input,
there's a little added complexity.
We have two options, send to an existing SNS topic or create a new one.
If we use an existing SNS topic,
we have to modify the access policy of the topic to allow
the CodePipeline notification service,
which is different from the approval service,
to send stuff to the SNS topic.
This is a little much for this demo,
so let's just create a new topic, and you can add your phone number later.
Click the Create SNS topic, and add hbfl to the end
of the name. Then click Submit.
Now the notification rule is configured, so click Submit again.
Go back to your pipeline with this link.
If you want to fully test this out,
go to SNS and add a subscription to your phone number, and then
kick off another execution of your pipeline.
But now you have a notification rule all set up to let
you know when your pipeline fails.
Let's take a look back at what we covered in this module.
We first looked at how we could utilize Lambda functions to do
almost anything with CodePipeline. Next we enabled and disabled
stage transitions in our pipeline.
Then we configured a CloudWatch event to notify us when our pipeline fails.
And finally, we set up a notification rule that is considerably easier to
configure than a CloudWatch Event but with less flexibility.
And that's the end of Practicing CI/CD with AWS CodePipeline.
My name, again, is Ryan Lewis,
and please let me know if you have any questions or feedback in the comments
section, and thank you so much for watching this course. See you next time.